We have the basic off form, but I don't want to use the default blue color.
I also don't want to use the default button theme.
Instead, I want to set my own themes.
And for this in the main DARD file here in the theme data, which is configured, we can change the
colors and also some other styles we want to set as a default.
For example, the primary swatch here.
I don't want to use colors blue here, but colors pink.
Yeah, I like that pink color here.
In addition, I want to set a background color, a default background color of that same pink.
I also want to set an accent color and that will be this Deep Purple, which I think mixes nicely with
that pink.
I also want to let her know that this purple color is a very dark color and that any contrasting color
on this purple background should therefore be a bright color.
And we can do this by setting the exact color brightness to brightness.
Got dark.
We don't need to do this on the primary swatch there.
Flutter should drive does automatically, but we should do this here.
To avoid that, we end up with black text on purple, for example.
And I also want to set up a specific button theme, which every button will get by default, and to
do this, I basically want to inherit from the default button theme and then just overwrite some parts
that we can use the buttons theme constructor here and use the Oth constructor.
So not the default constructor, but this named constructor and pass in the regular context and then
call copy with.
And this allows you to then override some of the keys and use the other default values.
For example, I will set the button color to colors pink so that every button by default has that pink
main color.
All set to text them to button text that primary.
This should make sure that we have the right contrast color and also change the default shape of buttons
for this, because that's the shape configuration and then set this to rounded rectangle border.
Use this constructor here and queue rounded rectangle border, we can pass a border radius argument
and there we can set the default border radius every button should have with the border radius constructor,
to be precise, with the circular named constructor.
This provides and then set this to 20 maybe.
And if we do that Insaaf that you see now, I have a rounded button here by default and I have this
pink background color, which looks quite nice.
Now, this button still has a blue text, and we can change this by going to the off form and then on
this flat button, I'll change the text color to theme of context, primary color.
And this doesn't look too bad now, it would be nice to also have a working off for him which collects
the user inputs, which validates the user inputs, and where we also can switch between log in and
sign up mode.
Now, you can try this on your own, because thus far that's nothing we haven't learned.
Of course, you shouldn't yet also use the FIREBASE SDK to send this to a server, but collecting and
validating the input data is something you definitely are able to do.
We'll do together in the next lecture.